or what an incredible afternoons
dressers we've had here in Amsterdam a
runaway victory for the superstar and
world number one Charlotte Dujardin and
valegro but hot competition was there
and the very young German star Jessica
von brood over Nadal with that uni BB on
a score of 18.9 zero we're in third for
Germany second was Daniela hi coupe and
Ciro for the Netherlands on 82 point 375
but the winner with an incredible 93.9
00 was great britain charlotte dejar de
and valegro new co-owner and barrett
must have been absolutely delighted with
their winning test we caught up with
Charlotte to hear her thoughts Charlotte
new world record today but surely close
and hit you and him excellent yeah I was
really happy with today's performance
and I feel much more with it today
obviously yesterday I felt really tired
I was probably still getting over my jet
lag and today I had a good sleep last
night and today I feel really good i was
up for it ready for it and the music i
did is my old music and I love right
into it so I thought it'd be good to go
out there and have a blast round and
valegro is always on Form thankfully and
we really really enjoyed it he looked
really on the beat today it just it
flowed maybe a little more than
yesterday yeah I mean yesterday I just
really it was complete rider where I
just was really not with it and today
I've you know in the warm-up he just
felt fantastic and going in there it's
such a great arena to go into and yay
again he was just on form today so
I was really happy with the performance
two qualifiers and two incredible scores
looked good ahead of the Las Vegas yeah
hopefully now well we've qualified now
to go to Las Vegas so hopefully fingers
crossed everything stays good and I stay
well and blue briefs tazewell and then
we'll be flying to Las Vegas and I think
it's going to be a fantastic show with
the Americans support behind us and I'm
really looking forward to it great well
thank you very much well done enjoy this
evening thank you very much well a very
delighted Charlotte Dujardin we hope
you've enjoyed all the coverage here
from Amsterdam and we look forward to
seeing you again for leg seven of nine
enjoyment stir in Germany on the
fifteenth of February's here on Fei TV